Let us see.
Show me once, master, I'll show you.
Even a wood grain Positive...
Apply broker?
What's going on?
A gold leaf!
A man is going to kill me!
I'm going to die!
A gold leaf!
I'm begging you!
I'm going to kill you!
She's completely dead!
Everybodyその the bona fide
Sc chancellor Shun
Who is vulnerable enough!
Some can feel sad
Tell us that it's true
Stop talking about the kakioki
What?
The kakioki!
If you leave a single love
I'll give it to you
and make you leave it
How strange!
After he 턴 that sound
Yes, yes...
Cut it out!
...more and more
In the six-meter-apply
example of decentạnher
Mother E簡單ほど
a voice.
I'm fucking surprised,
She really is such aite
I think I should sing this song, too.
Anything goes!
Beautiful!
I've got a taste for it!
Ai!